but any idea who you're fucking with
here of course
remarkable likeness these visions are
viola in Kiki and I am Philippe lo
chairman of a multinational organization
called The Syndicate never heard of it
evidently not are you would not have
walked out bank perhaps you wonder why
you're still breathing at this point
actually I wonder what my foots out of
your ass at this point
like it or not least again our
organization is expanding into
stillwater I am offering you the chance
to leverage your assets against your
lives ladies you may continue to operate
the same soul tour media group as you
see fit in exchange for sixty-six
percent of your monthly gross revenue
that is before taxes of course listen
you French fuck please I am Belgian so
make yourself a fucking waffle we done
here and I had so hoped to come to
Russian and business arrangement
no I without you
a dozen guys
I can take
back to stillwater
details details just cover the balls go
we can't leave Johnny God can take care
of himself we gotta deal with these guys
attention passengers this is your new
captain speaking our updated flight plan
has us landed in Stillwater for
everything booked ok I'd like to remind
all passengers to remain seated and
enjoy the flight great who gave got a
mic jeez often why can see some of our
passengers are getting restless here's
some relaxing music for your enjoyment
my apologies the captain is having
trouble spotted in college
to be clear
you better be boiled that ratty Belgian
same thing I am going to gun and
disrespectful Tom family of nuts oh yeah
you wouldn t 00
Johnny we're about to job I'll see you
a notch rd I'm comin
the fuck did you come from
really
you
I'm not gonna lie for a minute I didn't
think you'd make it in time oh you
kidding me I never loved my girl wait
what is that twenties white that plate
is okay don't freak out or anything I
think that plane is going to try to ram
us what do you mean don't freak out do
you have a plan yeah I shoot up the
window landing the plane kill Philippe
then jump out the back again you need me
right look let's remember how happy you
were when I caught you
that went bad plan
two out of four ain't bad
get off me
shit was that not play
gotcha you're a fucking asshole okay I
deserve that